hey guys Papen you're doing throwback
Thursday on world at war this is a
gameplay from my path in channel about
five years old that explains a low
quality and the aspect ratio they
recorded us on my dazzle it's a pinnacle
dazzle that was the company name and it
was the knows what got me into this and
it's essentially what started JT
machinima if I didn't have that I
wouldn't have brought out to Christian
or skull cruncher that I could make a
music video for a halo beat he made and
so I was able to and then GT mission was
started so you can thank the pinnacle
dazzle for JT machinima anyways on this
is walta war awesome game really i was
one of my favorite called duties right
next to called d2 and call of duty 4 and
i don't know it's just really well done
i like the world war two sitting i'm a
world war two buff I just liked it the
guns felt good for some reason call of
duty the world war two guns just handle
and feel and look really well in a
first-person setting and I don't know
it's just if you play it all the call
duty world war two games you know what
I'm talking about but also half but I
want to make this throwback Thursday
about his old YouTube when I went back
to grab this video it kind of brought
back a little nostalgia since I haven't
given my youtube channel any attention
so all the videos they're old and they
kind of a time capsule of a different
era of YouTube and made me think about
how I used to make these simple gameplay
videos with no commentary like
commentary was kind of an advent of
machinimarespawn really kind of at least
in the mainstream scene really brought
that about but before that it was mainly
just gameplay with music and people
didn't really think to talk over it so
it's kind of funny how that wasn't
really a norm but anyway so videos like
this back when I would put him out would
just get a lot of use and I mean not
necessary i canna Norma's amount but but
some of my battlefield bad company
videos they were just simple gameplay
nothing extraordinary nothing kind of
just the same little this just average
gameplay and so I'd have I'd make those
videos get that gameplay edit it put
some music together and they get tens of
thousands of views
and if that same thing was put out today
first we match for a third party content
second it just wouldn't get any views
because there's so many of those types
of videos out there where it just
wouldn't be it doesn't stick out and
that's the crazy thing about today is
that so many people have access to this
technology that you really have to be
different if you want to stick out and
it's not as easy to break through as it
was five years ago so it's just an
interesting thing if you want me to
discuss more about YouTube and all that
fun stuff and get my insight about it
I'd be happy to talk about it I can make
my own video not even just a throwback
Thursday but a separate thing talking
about it this Pat man thanks for
watching guys see you